## Events
Daveed's mother Nadia was killed by the [[Oni]] and he took her form, hiding in the inn while most of the group fought outside in the desert. After revealing the truth, the Oni escaped and told Samugi that he would come for what he cared for most. Rasheed buried Nadia in the mausoleum. Thaunia connects with Daveed and tried to help him with the recent loss of his mother.

The group explores Igor's house and find notes that state he recently lost his position in [[Karsus Folly]] because of someone named Kludstein. He had been investigating curses, hexes, and lichedome. He was approached by the Oni shortly before arriving, presumably because the Oni was attracted to the magical items he was carrying. The Oni wanted to consume the flesh of magic users and Igor wanted to practice necromancy. The victims were Hunter Ibraheim, a smuggler/drunk dwarf, a thief named Pyotir, and Garak an elf from the [[Sea of Swords]].

### People
- Rasheed - owner of the Desert Oasis Inn
- Nadia☠ - elf, friend of Rasheed, mother to Daveed, has healing magic, was killed by the [[Oni]] 
- Daveed - elf, son of Nadia

### Places 
- [[Delmiri Desert]] 
- Desert Oasis Inn

## Players Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Samugi]] 
- [[Thaunia]] 

### Recap Video 

https://youtu.be/pKXBpq4KWkY?si=lLJGHAxXUcFGqrBi

If video is not available below click link to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/pKXBpq4KWkY?si=bejwTUwFDRBS1OqP" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>


