[[07- 11052023|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[09 - 11192023|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
After talking with Rasheed about how dangerous [[Alhadria]] is, the group decided against traveling there. Rasheed set up for Daveed to be taken to Alhadria by his uncle Ishmael. Ishmael was in the process of smuggling goods for the [[Gilded Glave]] and needs help dropping the goods off in [[New Calim]]. The groups takes the goods along with [[Allara]] and plan on heading to New Calim.

[[Thaunia|Thaunia]] begins acting suspicious, similar to the [[Oni]]. She is seen eating overcooked meat. She confides in [[Sundara]] that she felt like she almost lost control during battle and that she was afraid of something. Some in the group also witnessed Thaunia avoiding the sight of blood.
> [!quote]- Quote  
> "You have protected me since [[Ironford Prison|Ironford]], I will protect you now."
>    -Sundara to Thaunia

On the way towards [[New Calim]], the group encountered a Langston pirating vessel. They bested the other ship in battle and then left his ship destroyed among the jagged rocks. Captain [[Oliver Bentley]] cursed our ship if he died in his sinking vessel.

### People
- Rasheed - owner of the Desert Oasis Inn
- Daveed - elf, son of Nadia 
- Ishmael - uncle of Daveed
- [[Oliver Bentley|Captain Oliver "Double-Crossed" Bentley]]

### Places 
- The Open Sea

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Samugi]] 
- [[Thaunia]]
- [[Kazak]] 

### Recap Video

https://youtu.be/JZLjACRPgkA?si=ddhSxD_6CzqYhMbZ

If video is not available below, click link to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/JZLjACRPgkA?si=6gIW884M8Z65SodY" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[07- 11052023|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[09 - 11192023|Next session →]]</span>