## Events
After casting Protection from Good and Evil, the [[Oni]] is out of [[Thaunia|Thaunia]]. The group keeps her locked in the Brigg for 24-36 hours, while being watched around the clock. They subsequently let her out and after asking if they wanted her to stick around, the group hesitated, and she left. She disappears into the crowd of the city.

[[Allara]] heads to the [[Gilded Glave]] and returned the few remaining goods left from the transport to [[Alhadria]]. Most of it was lost (along with her previous crew) after being attacked. The [[Gilded Glave]] gives the group a few job opportunities.
	- Criminal activity around Reggie's shop 
	- Unkillable chimera's that killed 4 of Bobby the Gent's team 
	- Billy Barns, a smuggler, has gone missing

The group approaches Bobby the Gent. His group, the Creature Company, hunts creatures and salvages their bodies, sending the spoils to the Soulshard Apothecary for the [[Voidwing Sisterhood]] to create potions with.

After trekking to the top of the Snow Capped Mountains to the north of the city of [[New Calim]], the group killed two chimera using a clockwork trap that [[Samugi]] created. A druid appeared after they killed the chimera.
 
### People
- [[Thomas Malone]] - head of the [[Gilded Glave]] operating out of the Jaded Jackal
- Bobby the Gent - member of the [[Gilded Glave]], part of the Creature Company

### Places 
- [[New Calim]] 
	- The Jaded Jackal
	- Soulshard Apothecary
	- The Mortal Promise
- Snow Capped Mountains - north of New Calim

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video

https://youtu.be/L84QmTA_4_E?si=io0ZTsRJ9-gYUK9k

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/L84QmTA_4_E?si=MEhQqY9FcB9pcdH8" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

