## Events
After killing the chimeras, they then encountered a druid. Cassius held her with magic and Varrick knocked her out and tied her up. Varrick and Kazak tried to hurt her to get answers but Sundara, Allara, and Samugi stopped them. She wouldn't give any information or talk. Despite their best efforts, she escaped in the night. She caused Varrick to have nightmares reliving the moment of his son's death over and over again. Upon waking the group looked in the chest one of which contained alcohol. Varrick got drunk and grumpily stumbled down the mountain.

The remainder of the chest contained a custom build Restore lute, expensive linens, and Greenbottle Reserve halfling liquor. The group sold the liquor and told Bobby the Gent they completed the job. In exchange for completing the job they offered a [[Netherese Magic]] artifact that allowed [[Sundara]] to cast Sorcerous Burst.

> [!success]- Success  
> Completed the Chimera Job

They were reminded of job offers in the area, including [[Reginald Donovan|Reggie "Reginald" Donovan]] having problems with criminals outside of his store the Huntsman Promise. 

### People
- [[Serpa]] 

### Places 
- Snow Capped Mountains - north of New Calim

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Kazak]] 
### Absent
- [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video

https://youtu.be/0_fdc3la8wg?si=xYQ_q2WccSKpuvq4

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/0_fdc3la8wg?si=VuPawQfW-15ZLAt6" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
