## Events
Shopping in various stores.

At Jaded Jackal, Bobby the Gent and a dwarf were analyzing blueprints. Sundara recognized it as a clockwork device made by [[Solonor]] with signs of input from Lord [[Alexi Faraday]]. It was stolen on the way from [[Karsus Folly]] to an unknown location, by [[Shitty Bill]]. 

> [!tip]- Unknown Magical Item  
> Blueprints of large stolen device. Polygonal frame with a similar structure to [[The Dubious Apparatus]], thus some sort of [[Netherese Magic]]. Appears to be a type of containment enchantment.

Varrick contacted Grayson from the [[Restore Family|Undertavern]], who noted that [[Shitty Bill]] was definitely alive and living in a state of luxury. Suspected that he took the earnings from both jobs. 

On the way to talk with [[Reginald Donovan|Reggie]] regarding the rent situation in the area, there is an intimidating Paladin investigating the area that the group battled the druids from the [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]] the previous day. Sundara tried to invisibly see what they are doing, [[Sarah Stoneheart]] reveals that she can see Sundara but that she is simply investigating a crime and give Sundara her card if she has any information. Afterwards Cassius returns the lute obtained from the mountains in the north to the [[Restore Family]], since they offered to break his legs if he didn't.

The group also tried to find a landlord of a slummy area of [[New Calim]], Hank, who has some shady business and renting practices. The group signed a lease for an apartment, Samugi with his actual name.

### People
- [[Shitty Bill]] - black tabaxi that works for the Undertavern
- [[Sarah Stoneheart]] - part of the Paladins in the Order of Vigilance, investigating the [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]], currently staying with the [[Sea of Swords]] 

### Places 
- [[New Calim]] 
	- The Platinum Grove - fancy casino, membership required for entrance (platinum 6 sided die)
	- The Jaded Jackal
	- Hadge's Emporium
	- Unter's Engineering Solutions
	- The [[1. The World/1 Locations/2 Minor Places/NC Apartment|NC Apartment]] 

## Players Present
- [x] [[Sundara]] 
- [x] [[Cassius]] 
- [x] [[Varrick]] 
- [x] [[Allara]] 
- [x] [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video

https://youtu.be/u9KKO_xKEhs?si=8elhNvxLhlvAZDEZ

If video is not available below click link to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/u9KKO_xKEhs?si=ymU3CjbcziP5rk7J" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
