---
date: 2024-01-04
---
[[14 - 12242023|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[16 - 01092024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
Cassius made friends with a terrifying dire rat in the subpar [[NC Apartment]], it was insinuated that said rat ate the prior tenant.

[[Leland]] and [[Billy the Boatswain]] discussed with the group regarding arming [[The Icebreaker]] with cannons. The group put in money to get two normal cannons. [[Sundara]] requested copies of the blueprints to further study the ship.

The group visited the [[Sea of Swords]]. There [[Barrel Back Bill]] caught up with Varrick, he seemed to take pity on Varrick. The group then talked with Captain [[Sarah Stoneheart]], Varrick's ex-wife. Her and Varrick have a 5 year old daughter, but Varrick didn't know about his daughter until this very moment. He confronts Sarah about this and she aggressively and physically shuts him down (with her feminine guiles), saying that he was an uncontrollable mess following the death of their son.

Sarah notes that the [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]] targeted a mountain village that she lived in, just west of the [[Ironford Prison]] mines. They seem to target the followers of deities, drastically changing the environment around then and leaving people dead. In her case, The Hall of Vigilance, where her Paladin Order worked out of was flooded entirely and is now at the bottom of a lake.

> [!note]- Quest  
> [[Sarah Stoneheart]] recommends getting more information on the device by [[Solonor]] and [[Alexi Faraday|Faraday]], where it exactly came from, and what it does. 

Prior to the end of the day, The [[Voidwing Sisterhood]] is set ablaze, presumably by the Circle of Ruin and Thistle. Fire elementals spawn randomly and there is an unnatural spread of fire. The group unsuccessful tries to contain it. Being defeated by powerful members of the [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle|Circle]] defending something magical inside the Sisterhood.



### People
- [[Barrel Back Bill]] - member of the [[Sea of Swords]] and friend of [[Varrick]] 
- [[Sarah Stoneheart]] - [[Varrick]]'s ex-wife, mother to 5 year old daughter; very beautiful goliath, keeps one side of her head shaved

### Places 
- [[New Calim]] 
	- The [[1. The World/1 Locations/2 Minor Places/NC Apartment|NC Apartment]]
	- [[Mortal Promise]]

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
### Absent
- [[Samugi]]

### Recap Video

https://youtu.be/QONX2JcixJk?si=rzO18_Jygvl_Gksc

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/QONX2JcixJk?si=rzO18_Jygvl_Gksc" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[14 - 12242023|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[16 - 01092024|Next session →]]</span>

