---
date: 2024-01-11
---
[[16 - 01092024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[18 - 01212024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
Sundara approaches a [[Clockwork Devices|Clockwork Sentinel]] and tries to commune with it. The machine malfunctions, stabs her, but then becomes disconnected from the collective. While inside the device, she feels cold and alone, before hearing [[Solonor]]'s voice. He admits that he shouldn't have given her up to [[Gunner Ironford|Gunner]] to be put in [[Ironford Prison]] and that she was not supposed to receive the Ironford tattoo. He tells her that the tattoo she received in prison is a type of curse and she should find someone to remove it. 

> [!danger]- Curse  
> The tattoo from [[Ironford Prison]] prevent people without a similar tattoo from using divination on them, instead the spell fails as if they are dead. Additionally, the group cannot use divination magic on anyone without a tattoo. Someone with the tattoo can use divination on them and they will automatically fail the save.

[[Sundara]] realizes how hard it is to commune with the devices while [[Solonor]] can connect to them since he is much stronger than her. The group destroys the Sentinel.

> [!quote]- Quote  
> "All I have can be yours." 
> -- [[Solonor]] to [[Sundara]] 

### People
- The Engineer - female elf in dark green robes with technicolor markings on her face in a geometric pattern similar to Sundara 
- [[Solonor]] 

### Places 
- [[New Calim]] 

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video

https://youtu.be/YZNP6hgRFQU?si=2cC4ZHd7IbmRQEZl

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/YZNP6hgRFQU?si=EOeZEXG8FfJXhCJh" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> [!info]+ Info  
> Creation of the group name, "The Remnants" at 03:51:00

[[16 - 01092024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[18 - 01212024|Next session →]]</span>