## Events
Varrick takes the rest of the group to meet the [[Restore Family]] and take an Undertavern job. Uncle Jackie wants the group to get a ledger that DOB's scribe keeps with him at all times. If we are able to secretly copy the book they will pay us. Uncle Jackie also makes a comment about stepping on a fireball trap before looking right at Sundara, leaving the group wondering if they tried to raid our ship and set off the warding glyphs.

On the way to find a [[Clockwork Devices|Clockwork Sentinel]], Cassius finds his parents following him. They ask Cassius if he has spoken to [[Dunspero Beaumont]], but he says they don't speak much and a lot has changed.

Sundara communes with a sentinel to talk with [[Solonor]]. He says that he put Sundara in prison as a type of 'time-out' since she was exploring things she was not ready for. He says he gave [[Gunner Ironford]] specific instructions that I was not to be harmed. Solonor requested that Sundara, come home to him, but she told him that she has too much to do and can't return now. 

While Sundara is having this conversation more Clockwork Devices appear, more sentinels and a troll, it appears Solonor is going to try and take Sundara by force. During the battle Sundara sees The Engineer again, she is repairing the [[Clockwork Devices]] mid-battle. Sundara tries to talk to her, but she seems terrified and tells Sundara that it is better to just do what he says. Later after following her down an alley she says that he has eye and ears everywhere and that Sundara should not have left.

After dispatching the enemies, Sundara talks with [[Solonor]] one last time. She can almost see his face in front of her. He lets his guard down briefly and again request that Sundara returns to him. Sundara forces his consciousness out of the Sentinel and breaks it from the collective.

> [!quote]- Quote  
> "Sundara, I know I didn't get the chance to truly tell you this, but I am and will always be so proud of you."
> -- Solonor
> "I'm sorry Sol."
> --Sundara


### People
- The Engineer - young, female elf appears very similar to Sundara, says she is from the same place
- Uncle Jackie - dwarf that works for the [[Restore Family|Undertavern]] 
- [[Solonor]] 

### Places 
- [[New Calim]] 
	- The Whispering Tower

## Players Present
- [x] [[Sundara]] 
- [x] [[Cassius]] 
- [x] [[Varrick]] 
- [x] [[Allara]] 
- [x] [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video

https://youtu.be/yFAcTtEBWA4?si=ROgBMfgtppWDxVeJ

If video is not available below click link to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/yFAcTtEBWA4?si=ynDMPTwAetE1yzt8" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
