[[19 - 01272024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[21 - 02102024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
The group runs from the scene where Sundara overtook a [[Clockwork Devices|Clockwork Sentinel]]. They hide inside of the house of a member of [[The Merchant Consortium]] while sentinels search the city. Gideon Mallory enters the house stating that he was no friend of [[Oswald Beaumont]] and wants to know how Sundara is connected to the sentinels. Gideon was investigating a missing woman, Beverly Waverly, she initially seemed dead by Divination magic, but then she reappeared in the city, but inside of the sentinel that we captured. This was confirmed by the group using his 'Identify' monocle. The suspicion is that somehow souls are being captured or stolen by necromancy magic and are used in the creation of the liquid that powers the Sentinels. 

Sundara and Allara decide to scout the Whispering Tower for the ledger that the [[Restore Family]] hired them to get. They make it through the magical dispel ward on the backdoor. After making it past the cook, Clockwork Sentinels, and sneaking into some rooms, they accidentally alert [[Oswald Beaumont]] to their presence and he promptly attacks them as intruders. [[Allara]] is downed, [[Sundara]] counterspells The Duke, which reveals herself as a Clockwork Sorcerer, [[Oswald Beaumont]] then remarked on the fact that she is a Daughter of [[Mechanus]]. Sundara tells the Duke that [[Solonor]] wouldn't like it if he killed her and to say hi to him. He tells Sundara that she will get the chance to tell him herself.

Sundara grabs the unconscious Allara and teleports out of window into the air, cradling Allara while slamming into the ground, [[Oswald Beaumont]] stands at the window watching over them.

### People
- Gideon Mallory and Ulrick 
- Lord [[Oswald Beaumont]] - lives at the Whispering Tower and despite his mild manner looks, he is wildly powerful

### Places 
- [[New Calim]] 
	- The Whispering Tower

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Allara]] 
### Partial 
- [[Cassius]]
- [[Varrick]] 
### Absent
- [[Samugi]]

### Recap Video
No recap video available for this session 

[[19 - 01272024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[21 - 02102024|Next session →]]</span>