## Events
The group converges at the Whispering Tower. [[Oswald Beaumont]] jumps from the window nimbly. Sundara heals Allara and tells her to run. 

> [!quote]- Quote  
> "You know, [[Solonor]] is paying quite the pretty penny to get his pet back."
> -- [[Oswald Beaumont]] 

Oswald puts Sundara in a force cage. Battle ensues, it is the party vs Oswald Beaumont and multiple clockwork sentinels. After downing Beaumont, Cassius tells him that [[Dunspero Beaumont|Dunspero Manath]] sounds like a great name. Cassius did not want Oswald to die, but wasn't going to save him. [[Varrick]] seeing this crushes Oswald Beaumont's chest with his hammer, while, unbeknownst to the rest of the group, Dunspero watched from a window. Cassius apologizes to her, but she does not respond. Cassius later in the day tells the rest of the group that he was entangled with [[Dunspero Beaumont|Dunspero]] which is why he was actually sent to prison. The group collected his chimes, the [[Pieces of The Inevitable|Harmonic Resonator]], a talisman with charms, a cutlass, and a stone that revealed the location of the members of [[The Savage Seven]]. 

> [!quote]- Quote  
> "I'm so sorry. I didn't want this to happen, believe me."
> -- [[Cassius]] Manath to [[Dunspero Beaumont]] after the death of her father

Looking into the harmonic resonator Sundara slips into a vision. The chimes reflects the sorrow of a celestial being. Aurunat is carrying the weight of a cosmic battle, he was [[The Inevitable]] created by the gods responsible for balance, law, and order. [[The Savage Seven]] committed a cosmic crime by breaching the gate of creation and then fell Aurunat. They took pieces of the body as trophies. 

Prior to the events at The Whispering Tower, Samugi discovered that the [[Clockwork Devices|Sentinels]] are sent in pieces which the gnomes assemble. The final step in the assembly process is in a private area where The Engineer uses aliquots of blue liquid ([[Spark]]), that is shipped from [[Bloodgulch Meatworks]] in [[Langston]] which specializes in harvesting Leviathans from the sea.

### People
- Lord [[Oswald Beaumont]] ☠
- [[Dunspero Beaumont]] - the daughter of Oswald Beaumont, witnessed the murder of her father, and is/was entangled with [[Cassius]]  

### Places 
- [[New Calim]] 
	- The Whispering Tower

## Players Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video

https://youtu.be/yFAcTtEBWA4?si=JGZ3i91mef1CYSb7

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/yFAcTtEBWA4?si=DfNTbL5Ru1Z9USdN" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
