## Events
The group was arrested for the murder of [[Oswald Beaumont]]. On the way to the trial, they left a stone that showed the location of [[The Savage Seven]] in a two way manner on the roof of a house. They were taken to the Jade Palace in the Cloud District. They were appointed a lawyer, Thadius, and pled not guilty to all charges. Before being sentenced, Duke Oswald Beaumont, appeared and seemed offended that they would think a lowly group of people could actually kill him. The charges were dropped. The Duke requested to talk to Cassius alone. [[Dunspero Beaumont]] dropped her illusion while talking to Cassius and revealed that she took his place. She requested the controller for the Clockwork sentinels and for the group to not meddle in the affairs of the city, which they complied with.

The group had all of their cursed tattoos removed.

Once they made it back to their ship, they found [[Gunner Ironford]] aboard. He demanded the Shipstarting Scrolls to take [[The Icebreaker|his ship]] back for business out East. Sundara burned these scrolls in front of him. He promptly attacked and killed [[Billy the Boatswain]] with his hammer causing Billy to disintegrate. He attacked the rest of the group and in the battle [[The Icebreaker]] was sunk when [[Briggs]] blew up the engine. 

> [!quote]- Quote  
> "I hear you murdered the Duke, one of the Savage Seven cut down by prisoners, how embarrassing."
> -- [[Gunner Ironford]] to The Remnants

### People
- Thadius - lawyer in [[New Calim]] 
- [[Dunspero Beaumont]] - is using magic to pretend to be her father [[Oswald Beaumont]] ☠ to keep Cassius from execution
- [[Gunner Ironford]] 


### Places 
- [[New Calim]] 
	- The Cloud District

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Samugi]] 
### Absent
- [[Varrick]]
- [[Allara]]

### Recap Video

https://youtu.be/ddb404bV6Co?si=DIUoq7TVd8Dx_9rB

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ddb404bV6Co?si=DIUoq7TVd8Dx_9rB" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

