## Events
After getting off of the [[The Icebreaker|rapidly sinking Icebreaker]], a battle between The Group and [[Gunner Ironford]] in the port of [[New Calim]] breaks out. Sundara banishes Gunner, while the group with help from [[Ottoluke Organdorf]], The [[Sea of Swords]], and militia from the city fight back against Gunner's fleet that is attacking the city. The attack is devastating and damages all areas of the city. Gunner tows away the sunken Icebreaker.

> [!failure]- Failure  
> Loss of the 'acquired' ship [[The Icebreaker]] back into [[Gunner Ironford]]'s hands

Returning to the city Cassius breaks off from the group and heads into the city to check on his parents. He casually tells them that he killed [[Oswald Beaumont]] and for a brief moment disappointment flickers on his mothers face. They tell him that they are in the city out of concern for him, and that he does not need to be worried about them.

Sarah Stoneheart invites the group to stay at the Mortal Promise with the [[Sea of Swords]] and the Paladins in the Order of Vigilance, they are combining groups to protect [[New Calim]]. The group meets in the Hall of Vigilance with Justicar Porter, Justicar Tieg, Ottoluke Organdorf, Captain [[Sarah Stoneheart]], and Keeper Sumag. They bring up [[The Savage Seven]], referencing it as a clandestine organization. The group tells them what they know based on personal experience and what they learned from the [[Pieces of The Inevitable|Harmonic Resonator]]. The group omits that [[Ottoluke Organdorf]] was a member, but he eventually comes clean after learning the Harmonic Resonator with provide the story.

### People
- [[Gunner Ironford]] 
- [[Leland]] 
- [[Zariah and Anelia Manath]]
- [[Ottoluke Organdorf]] 
- [[Sarah Stoneheart]] 

### Places 
- [[New Calim]] 
	- The Mortal Promise

## Players Present
- [x] [[Sundara]] 
- [x] [[Cassius]] 
- [x] [[Varrick]] 
- [x] [[Allara]] 
- [ ] [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video

https://youtu.be/bf56EI63YBM?si=p9JnsVVKDOqqcEee

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/bf56EI63YBM?si=p9JnsVVKDOqqcEee" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
