[[23 - 02232024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[25 - 03092024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
The group learned more about the History of Karsus from the [[Sea of Swords]]. In the Age of Arcanum mortals (people of Neterio) were at war with the gods and had access to high level magic (would be considered 12th level spells today). [[Karsus]] crafted a ritual to allow him to assume the mantle of a god. He killed thousands in the process of creating this avatar, becoming the god of magic, Mystra, for a brief moment. But in doing so broke her concentration the weave which destroyed all magic and Mystra herself. In that moment a new goddess of magic was born and Karsus died, falling into the sea. The floating cities fell as well, killing thousands. His body makes up the land, but is suspected to not be inert. They think that the heart of Karsus could be used to create another avatar. A new god/goddess of magic was born and stabilized the weave and put limitations on magic so the same mistakes would not be made again.

The group signed on as [[Sea of Swords]] Crusaders, meaning they are willing to protect the city of [[New Calim]]. Additionally the group needs to obtain all the pieces of The The Inevitable as a backup plan to prevent the heart of Karsus being used again. They want us to obtain the pieces peacefully or otherwise. Ottoluke thinks some people, like [[Ironsoul]], might be willing to peacefully give up his portion of [[Aurunat, The Inevitable]].

We met with the [[Restore Family]] to ask about contacts in [[Langston]]. They will give us gold and information on a contact there is we are able to obtain a magical deck of cards from a wizard named, [[Cadrick]], in [[Karsus Folly]].

On the way to Karsus Folly, the group encountered a forest being consumed by blight. A [[Fern Shadow Forest|Young Green Dragon]] was the cause of this blight along with his druid servant. After a brief battle, Allara, made peace.

Setting up camp for the night, Sundara sent a message to [[Solonor]] using a spell scroll. He met her in her dreams. He said that he tried to save our people long ago, but they chose Karsus instead. Sundara asked about [[Spark]] and if it was made of souls, he said something as insignificant as that didn't matter, Sundara is a daughter of [[Mechanus]], not a daughter of [[Valendri]], and therefore she is immortal. Time will not pass for her and soon nothing she is experiencing now will matter. But he has lived for millennia and the only time he ever felt something was with her. Sundara abruptly woke from the dream.

### People
- [[Ottoluke Organdorf]] - was stripped of title as Archivist, but signed back on as a Crusader under the watch of the group
- [[Sarah Stoneheart]] 
- [[Solonor]] - of [[Mechanus]] and therefore immortal, has lived for millennia

### Places 
- [[New Calim]] 
- [[Fern Shadow Forest]] 

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
### Absent
- [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video

https://youtu.be/PuILUalI4Z8?si=RKSdt7ktvjUg2XJ5

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/PuILUalI4Z8?si=RKSdt7ktvjUg2XJ5" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[23 - 02232024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[25 - 03092024|Next session →]]</span>