## Events
The group intervenes on a caravan ambush. [[Langston]] smugglers were in a caravan with FETC markings and disguises. They were attacked by a hobogoblin sorceer and a death knight warrior. They saved two of the caravan workers during battle and told them to run off then finished defeating the attackers. The caravan had magical floorboards which hid 50 flask of [[Spark]]. The dead capitan had a letter written in primordial requesting to meet at the taphouse. 

Varrick attunes to the two items worn by the death knight (one being the Great Katana of the Magus Slayer) and begins acting abnormally. The group sleeps with him outside of a tiny hut. Overnight he gets no rest and the group finds him completely incapacitated in the morning. Allara heals him, but on the way to Karsus, Sundara confronts him about the way he was acting and demands and honest answer. In a moment of magical compulsion and rage he swings at her, cutting her across the chest. Allara pulls him out of the caravan with an attack and then Cassius holds them both down. Sundara takes the sword and buries it. Varrick scrambles in the dirt to get the sword back then apologizes to Sundara and says she can’t use magic around him, which she says is impossible since magic is a part of her. He says he will do whatever it takes to get her trust back.

They enter [[Karsus Folly]] by passing a riddle from two simulacrums of Merlineus Misthaven. One of them note there is another 'sky elf' in the city. The group reunites with [[Ottoluke Organdorf|Ottoluke]] who flew from New Calim to Karsus.

### People


### Places 
- NW route from [[New Calim]] to [[Karsus Folly]]
	- Crimson Planes
- [[Karsus Folly]] 

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video

https://youtu.be/O_cvtpysZMk?si=REufXQb5dry0AxIx

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/O_cvtpysZMk?si=HnugX8h3tzOcR6kt" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
