## Events
Varrick and [[Ottoluke Organdorf]] go to the disenchanting area, Donghack and Jay use fancy diamond tip mechanical arms that forcibly snap the armor open and frees Varrick from the curse.

The rest of the group go to The Tapouse, where Cassius and Sundara drink specialized [[Spark]] drinks leaving them emotionally devastated. Varrick gets to the bar and tried to order a juice. A wizard teases him about this, so he punches him in the face, and is challenged to a duel. Varrick wins the duel. He then goes to talk to Corbie and ask for money for safely bringing him the Spark tincture, instead Corbie kicks us all out of the bar. Cassius and Allara go in and exchange information for the Spark shipment. Corbie tells them that in its pure form Spark tincture comes from souls and then a chemist turns it into spark.

The group then goes to [[Cadrick]]'s tower, they are greeted by a hologram welcoming them to experience his struggles. They enter a portal that takes them to an island between [[Karsus Folly]] and [[Kozah]]. The first encounter are rudimentary [[Clockwork Devices|clockwork enemies]]. After damaging it, Sundara is able to collapse one entirely. Samugi disassembles the troll, and while communing with the device to help Samugi, [[Solonor]] guides her on how to do it.

### People
- Corbin Blackwater 'Corbie' - owner of the Taphouse (has been in the family for 150 years), seller of [[Spark]] drinks
- [[Cadrick]] 

### Places 
- [[Karsus Folly]] 
	- Elixir Alley 
	- Cadrick's Tower

## Players Present
- [ ] [[Sundara]] 
- [ ] [[Cassius]] 
- [ ] [[Varrick]] 
- [ ] [[Allara]] 
- [ ] [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video

https://youtu.be/t-DhftP4N0k?si=2wBf9sXJPky-ngR-

If video is not available below click link to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/t-DhftP4N0k?si=jKYcgB1QiPaxyjzS" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>



