## Events
In [[Cadrick]]'s tower the group went through 5 different trials to make it to the top. Once they arrived at the top, Cadrick came through a portal and was planning on killing the group instead of giving them the reward for finishing. Cassius jumped into the portal and Varrick tried to grapple Cadrick. Cadrick cast Time Stop which Sundara failed to counterspell. When everyone came to, Cassius and Cadrick were gone. The tower then exploded causing serious damage. Sundara teleported Varrick and Samugi to the bottom of the tower and Allara jumped off seriously injuring, almost killing, herself. 

> [!success]- [[Cadrick]]'s Tower  
> 1. Prove your mettle and silence the doubters: make it past clockwork sentinels and troll
> 2. Demonstrate a cursory mastery of magic: cast a spell from each of the school of magic (written in Netherese, “Mastery of Magic”
> 3. Prove your knowledge with a riddle: Ammar the Infernal Master of Flames and Shadow, in a single word, why did Karsus fall? Answer: Folly
> 4. Sacrifice to get what you want: Sundara and Cassius sit through multiple rounds of elemental damage and magical drainage to gain elemental powers and teleport to top of tower
> 5. Greater puzzle representing his destiny: order a list of tarot cards to represent the journey: fool, comet, star, skull, and fates

Within the portal Cassius was inside Cadrick's home and convinced him to given him the Deck of Many Things. The group, with a severely injured Allara, reconvened at the base of the tower and went to find someone to help Allara. The group is unable to find a healer in Karsus, so they take her to an artificer, Volt, who amputated Allara's mangled leg above the knee and put a clockwork leg on it instead. Note that in the future a regeneration spell could restore her leg.

While in the tower Sundara did brief research on [[Mechanus]]. It is an entire pane dedicated to order. There are theories Mechanus itself is a Jazirian creation thought to be the ultimate embodiment of law. The plane itself is made up of gears that turn in harmony. The only time Mechanus interacts with the outer planes is through the [[The Inevitable]]s which correct cosmic imbalances, things that go against the grand design of the universe itself. Essentially appearing and destroying or taking the being that committed the imbalance. There are parables of people bargaining with [[The Inevitable]]s but most don't survive. 

### People
- [[Cadrick]] 
- Volt

### Places 
- [[Karsus Folly]] 

## Players Present
- [ ] [[Sundara]] 
- [ ] [[Cassius]] 
- [ ] [[Varrick]] 
- [ ] [[Allara]] 
- [ ] [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video
https://youtu.be/QTeeROYZEU4?si=ZRRD2T7meaqrheky 

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/QTeeROYZEU4?si=ZRRD2T7meaqrheky" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

