[[27 - 03242024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[29 - 04052024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
Allara has a new [[Clockwork Devices|clockwork]] leg that can be repaired with magic or tinkering and upgraded or altered if needed. 

[[Ottoluke Organdorf]] takes the group to his apartment which is a 1 bedroom pocket dimension. He offers his living room and tells the group to stay out of his bedroom. Cassius is able to detect 3 different magical wards on Ottoluke's door and a second door behind it. Varrick ask Cassius to send a message to [[Sarah Stoneheart|Sarah]], telling her that we've completed the quest, Sarah responds that [[Oswald Beaumont]] has grown ill and [[Dunspero Beaumont]] has taken up his role.

Sundara, Allara, and Cassius go out shopping for dinner. They get vegetables, red meat, and seasonings. They also explore around [[Karsus Folly]] and Sundara takes note of the various teleportation glyphs. They can see that the fragmented frozen-in-time wizard tower has people inside. On returning to the apartment they are greeting by a crow from Conrad, he is requesting a meeting tomorrow at noon in the Alchemy District across from the teleportation circle. 

The group hunkers down for the night. Allara and Samugi cook dinner which turns into a type of demon meat pho. Sundara talks to Varrick about trying weird juices from every city in the world. Samugi and Sundara smoke gnome clover, do some research, and relax on the couch. 

Sundara discovers that Primus is some god or being that oversees [[Mechanus]], there was some demon prince, Orchus, that corrupted a Secondus and caused a rift in the beings in Mechanus that eventually led to a war. There is a theory that magic beyond the limitations placed on the world since the fall of [[Karsus]] is being rendered there.

Samugi discovers that Ottoluke is trying to write a book, titles include, "On the Chaos Gate", "The Fallen Angel", and "God is Real and He Hates Us". It recounts the events his time in [[The Savage Seven]]. He said that [[Oswald Beaumont]] first approached him about adventuring together. As a group, he, [[Solonor]], and [[Alexi Faraday]] tried to break free from the divine binds of magic. Since Ottoluke and Faraday were the only wizards, Ottoluke had a lot of respect for him, but was also jealous of his resolve and his strength made Ottoluke feel inferior at times. Ottoluke sees Faraday as a zealot against the gods and their limits on magic.

Later in the night, the group messed around and cast magic spells on each other. Sundara banished Varrick and Cassius, accidently to the plane of [[Mechanus]], but felt that something was abnormal when banishing Cassius. Cassius pulled Sundara through a dimension door 500ft into the air, where they fell until Sundara cast feather fall. 

Allara fell asleep and the rest of the group took magic mushrooms before going to sleep. Samugi had visions of petting a tiger. Cassius saw himself as a happy, carefree tiefling surrounded by loving family, Varrick saw his whole family safe and sound while he drifted off on an adventure, and Sundara witnessed an explosion frozen in time with [[Solonor]]'s fractured body on the ground, she cradled his body and cried until the visions shattered. 

The next morning, the group met with Conrad who paid for the Deck of Many things and gave the group invitations to a charity ball for the people of [[Valendri]] hosted by [[Alexi Faraday]] and the Valendri representative [[Elowen Elisthorn]]. On return to Ottoluke's apartment, Vonna, the personal designer to the Prince was there and designed the groups outfits before leaving.

> [!success]- Success  
> Obtain the Deck of Many Things and exchange it for gold and information about contacts in [[Langston]] 

### People
- [[Ottoluke Organdorf]]
- [[Conrad Gricks]]
- Vonna - intense, blond hair woman, personal designer to Prince [[Alexi Faraday]] 

### Places 
- [[Karsus Folly]] 
	- Ottoluke's Apartment

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video
https://youtu.be/rudE_EdxvYs?si=tS_5U8Ia0zrNQA-a

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/rudE_EdxvYs?si=T-ZScdYh1JlhgDO3" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[27 - 03242024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[29 - 04052024|Next session →]]</span>