---
date: 2024-04-05
---
[[28 - 03302024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[30 - 04142024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
Dressed for the charity ball: Allara, skin tight black dress with shoulder pauldrons; Cassius two toned suit with gold embroidery one half is green and wild and the other side is orderly and fixed, red crystal chimes strapped to his back; Varrick has a button up shirt with rolled up sleeves, with demon tooth choker; Sundara magical twine dress with frills around her neck with orbiting celestial bodies that are casting light and shadow across her face. The event is hosted at the Shattered Spire. 

At The Shattered Spire, the group arrives to an opulent masquerade party, there are FETC nobles, people from the Queen's party, and many high leveled wizards. The bar and the various rooms are tended to by Faraday's simulacrums. After some dancing and drinking, [[Alexi Faraday]], [[Elowen Elisthorn]], and [[Dunspero Beaumont]] arrive when an amphitheater portion of The Shattered Spire docks to the main portion. Faraday meets up with the group and discusses the current events in [[Valendri]], he kisses Elowen on the cheek and reminds her to 'mind her manners'. After this [[Sundara]] and Elowen step away to catch up. 

Faraday notes that in Valendri, [[Phaerimm]] have resurfaced and are the source of The Blight, which causes the elves to become more mortal, destroying the food supply, and destroying the islands. He worries that if the Phaerimm, breech Valendri they will head towards Karsus next and then consume the remainder of Mystrala. The creatures were thought extinct since the Spellplague and are part of the reason that [[Karsus]] casted the Karsus Avatar spell. They are aberrations created from a strange unknown part of the cosmos.

Elowen tells Sundara that she left Valendri to look for her after she was unable to find her with divination magic. Faraday filled Elowen on what happened to Sundara regarding [[Ironford Prison]] and the cursed tattoos. Elowen says that being with Faraday was initially a courtship of convivence but has become something more. She questions Sundara's hesitancy regarding their relationship and says that she of all people should understand since Elowen watched her living with Solonor, who she thinks has something to do with the resurgence of the Phaerimm. Elowen tells Sundara that she has no expectations of her to help Valendri and that it is her burden to bear. She leaves with Faraday to talk with Vespir Thorne, a baron who made a generous donation and wants to speak to a real Valendrian.

Dunspero comments on the fact that Varrick killed her father with a hammer, after Varrick makes some sassy quips, she notes she won't underestimate him again. Cassius tried to talk to her as well but she leaves seemingly rather upset. After this Cassius admits to Varrick that Oswald Beaumont is truly dead and that we killed him while Dunspero watched. 

Under Faraday's recommendation to explore the part and allow themselves to be free of any inhibition the group begins exploring. 
- Varrick meets a woman who is a part of The [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]], he sacrifices the memories of his family for power. No one, including his family, knows that Varrick had an ex-wife or children
- Allara asked in a shadowy room why there have been ritual sacrifices of Sharar Kai. The Raven Queen has assured her ascension ?by moving her body into whatever zealot believes they are the next god
- Cassius has an experience called Reaching Through the Blue Veil, where he witnesses another reality, meets the Traveler and see the end of the world


Final allure rating at end of session: +2


### People
- [[Alexi Faraday]] 
- [[Elowen Elisthorn]] 
- [[Dunspero Beaumont]] 
- The Traveler

### Places 
- [[Karsus Folly]] 
	- [[The Shattered Spire]]

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video
https://youtu.be/Sl8qNY9QnV8?si=pOjTu2kCZxg87oCx

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Sl8qNY9QnV8?si=sM9MxVDtusHNrpww" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[28 - 03302024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[30 - 04142024|Next session →]]</span>