[[29 - 04052024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[31 - 04212024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
The group continues to explore at the party. In a room with multiple portals to other planes, Allara and Sundara first visit the Graveyard of the Gods where they meet Anubis and are banished. Then Sundara and Samugi visit a celestial plane. There Sundara learns that being of [[Mechanus]] means that her sorceress origin is from Elaine Valender, the godfather of [[Valendri]], who sought power from Mechanus. On leaving the plane, the being, ?Arcan, told Sundara and Samugi that [[Alexi Faraday]] made a bargain with him and in exchange the being will get more power and working with other rouge Celestials called The Scourge plan on destroying a variety of worlds. He tells Sundara as they leave to, "Walk with the heart of a warrior." They also learn that Faraday has some link to Levistus, the Lord of Stygia in The Nine Hells.

After hearing that Conrad Gricks is facing off against Lucian Thorne, Allara insist on going to The Chamber of Blood and Bone. There she witnesses Varrick talking with [[Serpa]] (who was previously talking with [[Dunspero Beaumont]]) and notes the [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]] markings on his hands. She silently fumes while Varrick and Serpa challenge each other in the ring. Alexi Faraday walks in with Vespir Thorne (AKA Lord Mortimer Fitzroy) and subtly indicates to Conrad to lose the match, he is resurrected by Faraday in an impressive display of magic after being smashed to pieces.

Varrick and Serpa fight, Varrick holds his own for a while but is eventually killed and then revived. Sundara meets up with him and hugs him, telling him she doesn't want to see him die again. During this Cassius meets with Dunspero. She is fitting into her role at [[The Merchant Consortium]] well and is working with them on protecting the city from future attacks. She has an ambitious look in her eyes. She is leaving back to [[New Calim]] and ask Cassius to come with her. 

Faraday makes a speech about pushing the boundaries of magic. During this speech he and his 7 simulacrum cast a High Magic spell that rips the knowledge from all of the magic users at the party, he calls this the "All Mage" spell. [[Elowen Elisthorn]] is at his side during this and appears absolutely enchanted by what he is achieving. Faraday briefly gleams bright blue/white during this. Elowen finds Sundara after this and grabs onto her excitedly, impressed with Faraday's display. Sundara tells her she is happy as long as Elowen is safe. The group goes up to talk to Faraday.

> [!quote]- Quote  
> "I'll play it safe when you play it safe."
> -- Elowen to Sundara

They meet at The Grove of the Ancients. Conrad, Alexia, and Elowen along with all of the group are present. Alexi states he has been studying obscure tomes and elven high magic with Elowen. The "All Mage" spell allows him to learn the magical capabilities that take a lifetime of casting to learn in a single moment. He says his two goals are for every man, woman, and child to have access to this power and to collect the [[Pieces of The Inevitable]] to recreate it to correct the cosmic crime that has put the world on the path to an apocalypse. To do this he request the Harmonic Resonator so that he can confront [[Solonor]] and take his piece. He notes that Solonor is probably the only person who could stop him. Elowen reminds Sundara of what Solonor did putting her in prison and how that broke their family. They looks to Sundara who is unable to say clearly where she stands.

Returning to [[Ottoluke Organdorf|Ottoluke's]] apartment (where Ottoluke and Vonna are relaxing on the couch) they sit down and smoke some gnome clover. Ottoluke doesn't think Alexi would recreate The Inevitable and let it kill him, but doesn't have much else to say about who is or isn't trustworthy in the Alexi Faraday vs Solonor debate. Sundara asks for another Sending spell, because she wants to talk to Solonor directly, and tells the group that at this time she wouldn't be able to condemn Solonor to death.

### People
- [[Conrad Gricks]]
- [[Serpa]] 
- [[Dunspero Beaumont]] 
- [[Alexi Faraday]] 
- [[Elowen Elisthorn]] 
- [[Ottoluke Organdorf]] 
- Vonna

### Places 
- [[Karsus Folly]] 
	- [[The Shattered Spire]] 

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/u-bIqGQ8lkE?si=QEPz0CJfpaKIZiPP" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[29 - 04052024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[31 - 04212024|Next session →]]</span>