## Events
The group started off with a shopping trip to the hoity but wise, Artist's magical store about 50 feet in the sky. Each member (except Varrick who found the shopkeeper creepy) bought a magic item. Allara bought a flying broom, Cass armor, Samugi bracers, and Sundara a palantir. 

Cassius and Varrick stepped away and calmly but heatedly discussed Varrick's new association with The [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]]. Varrick states that he did not know it was The Circle that he was joining. He specifically took the power to protect [[Sarah Stoneheart|Sarah]] and their daughter Natasha since he may make powerful enemies on this journey. He says by doing this, he is no longer associated with his family and powerful people won't target them. He also compares this deal with the deal Cassius made with The Traveler, which Cass initially seems to disagree with.

> [!quote]- Quote  
> "I've already lost a son, I didn't want to lose a daughter." -Varrick  
> "You just did." -Cassius

Allara meets alone with her brother. He is visiting from Orofin and is no longer going to be working with Fitzroy. His contract, which is owned by The Far Empire, was sold to Xander. There is an encampment near the Serpent Lord Shrine and they are going to be conducting a more occult investigation. His contact [[The Savage Seven|Mira(?)]] knows about Allara and wants to know if Allara would be amenable to working with her. They are working on 'end of the world stuff' out at the Serpent Lord Shrine.

Samugi has a conversation with a Hangul Dynasty gnome. He states he is an emissary of one of the [[Karsus Folly]] universities and ambassador to the magically gifted. He gives Samugi a cup of tea. The cup is fine china and has a depiction of the Legend of the [[Oni|Dokkaebi]] on it. Samugi mentions that he has previously encountered a Dokkaebi ([[06 - 10292023|Session 6]], [[07- 11052023|7]], [[08 - 11122023|8]]), to which the man says, "That it is a powerful enemy to have". Samugi sips the scalding hot tea. The man briefly mentions the right path of destiny and then abruptly departs, leaving his tea set behind.

Cassius remembers he meant to check on his sister, Chalice, earlier this week (or month?) but forgot. They try sending a message and scrying, but both attempts fail. They wonder if she was sent to [[Ironford Prison]] and has a cursed tattoo, but also consider the worst and that she might be dead. 

In the [[Fern Shadow Forest]] between Karsus Folly and [[New Calim]] they are on their way to kill the young green dragon they previously met. The group formally meets Verdana. She is the druid they previously encountered in [[11 - 12032023|Session 11]], although she glares at him at first she notes that Varrick was initiated into The Circle after he was reborn through The World Tree when he died battling Serpa. She takes them to the Circle's camp. Allara tries to convince the young green dragon ([[24 - 03032024|Session 24]]) to come lay waste to the camp, but the dragon tells Allara to kill them all herself. The camp is filled with men, women, and children all with similar tattoos living in harmony with nature. They meet with [[Serpa]] again who, after Allara asks, tells the group that their goal is to restore balance by returning the world to its natural chaotic state. They want to destroy the snakes of the world that create things like indentured servitude and take souls to use as tincture, other people get harmed in the process because they are 'making a statement'. Serpa shows fungus moss-like lichen growing from his chest and on Varrick's hammer. 

> [!quote]- Quote  
> "The Harbinger has seen you brother."
>   - Serpa to Varrick

The group finds a spot to set up camp for the night with the camp of The [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]].

### People
- Artist - magic shop owner in Karsus Folly
- Bud - offers 10% off of a purchase at Artist's shop in exchange for joining 'Bud's Little Adventurers'
- Allara's Brother
- Unknown Hangul Dynasty gnome
- Verdana 
- [[Serpa]] 

### Places 
- [[Karsus Folly]]
	- [[Fern Shadow Forest]] - [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]] Camp

## Players Present
- [x] [[Sundara]] 
- [x] [[Cassius]] 
- [x] [[Varrick]] 
- [x] [[Allara]] 
- [x] [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video
