---
date: 2024-04-28
---
[[31 - 04212024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[33 - 05052024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
The group left The [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]] camp in the morning after an uneventful night, determined to find the young green dragon they had previously encountered in the [[Fern Shadow Forest]]. Along the way Samugi noticed that someone was following them. They meet [[Vitaly]], a dragonborn who wants to prevent [[Alexi Faraday]] from collecting the [[Pieces of The Inevitable]]. He tells the group about his past with Alexi Faraday and how Faraday had a hand in the death of his father.

The group makes it to a path in the forest and can see evidence that the dragon is nearby. Varrick yells out to the dragon and the group is swarmed by ettercaps. The group works to dispatch them while the dragon and his allies approach. The ensuing battle ravages both the group and their enemies. After being attacked by the dragon's breath attack, hit by a fireball, and falling 190ft, Varrick falls unconscious. Allara tries to save him by banishing him to Shadowfell but doesn't have the time to heal him before he dies. After narrowly defeating the dragon the group reconvenes, Allara and Varrick return to the material plane with Varrick laying dead, his soul having truly left his body. 

> [!failure]- Failure  
> The first death of a member of The Remnants

Allara and Sundara mourn and blame themselves for their role in his death. Allara appearing the most devastated after feeling responsible for being unable to save someone again. Samugi remains quiet nearby comforting Allara. Cassius comforts Allara before stepping away and secretly contacting [[Alexi Faraday]],  asking for help in exchange for the [[Pieces of The Inevitable|Harmonic Resonator]].

### People/Creatures
- [[Fern Shadow Forest|Rotgasp]]

### Places 
- [[Fern Shadow Forest]] - The Wilds

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 
- [[Vitaly]] 

### Recap Video
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tycDKHLaKLk?si=Ph9z8CQEmr-pQVrg" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[31 - 04212024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[33 - 05052024|Next session →]]</span>