## Events
Varrick finds himself awake in a dark words, tangled in vines, unable to move or speak while the witch he made a pact with, Melana, digs into his chest. She tells him that things will be different when he comes back and that together they are going to do great things. Back with the rest of the group, [[Alexi Faraday]] arrives with [[Conrad Gricks]], and after examining the body, he tells the group that Varrick is locked in a pact with The Queen of Rot, likely from a clause in his original deal. If we don't work to bring his soul back, The [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]] will bring him back in a far darker affair.

In order to help Faraday bring Varrick's soul back, Cassius plays on his polylute channeling the power of The World Tree. This brings the blighted trees in the area back to life and pulls Varrick to his final resting place at the temple of The Raven Queen in Shadowfell. There, Melana is banished by a champion of the Raven Queen, a young man wearing armor with black feathers in the joints. Varrick hears Samugi and sees Allara, drawing him back from the brink, where he stops to talk with this champion. Varrick discovers that it's his son, who convinces Varrick to join him in following the Raven Queen to protect those that cannot protect themselves. His soul returns to his body and Allara hugs him and then heals him. Varrick tells Cassius that he saw his son, asks Samugi how he was able to hear him in the afterlife, apologizes and thanks Allara, and gets punched by Sundara for dying. 

> [!quote]- Quote  
> "Sarah and Natasha need the man you were, not the one you have become."
>     - Varrick's son to Varrick
> 

Before Faraday leaves, Vitaly tries to steal the [[Pieces of The Inevitable|Harmonic Resonator]] that was on the ground during Varrick's resurrection. Conrad found him in the forest and Vitaly hands over the Resonator at his mellow but unveiled threat. Faraday takes Cassius to [[The Shattered Spire]] and lets him take an artifact to complete what he deems a 'fair' trade. Cassius collects the interdimensional twisted blunderbuss. Cassius request that Faraday does the right thing once he finishes collecting all of the pieces of The Inevitable. Prior to moving on, Cassius confronts Vitaly for trying to take the Harmonic Resonator. Vitaly notes that he has inside information on where the other [[Pieces of The Inevitable]] might be.

> [!quote]- Quote  
> "If I were you I'd watch my step Vitaly. Accidents have been happening to people involved in these artifacts as you are well aware. Perhaps you should seek other treasure."
>     - Conrad to Vitaly while retrieving the Harmonic Resonator 
> 
> "I would caution you that not everyone is trustworthy."
>     - Faraday to Cassius while looking at the group

After making it through some traps, the group loots Rotsgasp's hoard and in the process meets Leopold, an imp that is travelling the world to create a complete encyclopedia set. He and Sundara sign a contract for him to become her familiar. Sundara teleports the group from the forest directly to The [[Mortal Promise]] in [[New Calim]], which is starting to look improved since the attack by [[Gunner Ironford]]. They briefly meet with [[Barrel Back Bill]] and then head to a nice area of town and get rooms. That night Varrick prays to The Raven Queen and Cassius attunes to the interdimensional weapon.

Sundara talks with [[Solonor]] while trancing. She warns him of Faraday's plans. Solonor tells her that Faraday would use [[The Inevitable]] to resurrect the avatar of Karsus. He also says that [[The Icebreaker]] has been repaired for Gunner.


### People
- [[Alexi Faraday]] 
- [[Conrad Gricks]] 
- [[Solonor]] 

### Places 
- [[Fern Shadow Forest]] 
- [[New Calim]] 

## Players Present
- [ ] [[Sundara]] 
- [ ] [[Cassius]] 
- [ ] [[Varrick]] 
- [ ] [[Allara]] 
- [ ] [[Samugi]] 
- [ ] [[Vitaly]] 

### Recap Video
