---
date: 2024-05-12
---
[[33 - 05052024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[35 - 05192024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
The group starts the day off well rested at The Platinum Grove. After meeting in the dining room for breakfast, Samugi heads back to his room after noticing his tea cup was vibrating (originally picked up from a gnome stranger in [[Karsus Folly]]). Vitaly talks at the bar with one of [[Alexi Faraday|Faraday's]] excavators, a treasure hunting crew searching for [[Pieces of The Inevitable]] (AKA Vestiges of the Moon King). This person says there are many who don't want Faraday to succeed and that things in Drakmire will continue to get worse if Faraday is not stopped. He notes that in the coming days Faraday will be meeting up with [[Gunner Ironford]] to exchange artifacts and that he was also planning on buying an artifact from [[The Bone King]] in [[Langston]].

In Samugi's room, he demands that the teacup show itself. An [[Oni]] appears, calling himself Wajir. He says that Cassius has something in his possession that is too delicious to resist. Samugi sends a telepathic message to the group as a warning. Before getting a chance to fully react, two invisible Oni appear in the dining room and attack the group. Right before his death, one of the Oni suggests they are going to "visit" Varrick's daughter. The group is charged for the damages to the room as well as the expensive bottle of alcohol Vitaly threw at the Oni.

The group recounts the information they recently learned. Sundara tells them what she learned from [[Solonor]] and Vitaly updates them about what the Drakmirian dragonborn told him. Sundara then cast scrying on the Captain's Quarters of [[The Icebreaker]]. There she sees a young woman with the Manath crest on her lapel, chained up in the dark. Although she isn't responding to questioning by Gunner, he seems intent on breaking her to get her to talk. Sundara shows Cassius an illusion of this woman confirming it is [[Chalice Manath]]. 

Varrick and Allara visit the Temple of the [[Raven Queen]] to pick up his new armor. They meet with some of Allara's sisters and note that since Varrick was chosen by The Raven Queen herself they will honor her choice, despite his association with The [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]]. They ask if Varrick has made an atonement to Allara and if he is willing to follow the fate of death as determined by the Raven Queen, he agrees. Members of the [[Voidwing Sisterhood]] tell Allara that she will lead the Circle of the Fated Promise, a group of 3 including her and Varrick, meaning she needs to find one more person.

At the [[Sea of Swords]], Varrick meets his daughter Natasha for the first time and she playfully asks him questions about his armor. Sundara updates Garrick about their progress. He mentions that the city is planning on elevating Duchess Dunspero to be able to make unilateral decisions without the approval of the council, but there are some that have mixed opinions about her use of the [[Clockwork Devices|Clockwork Sentinels]] as well as investigations into the Beaumont Family. 

Vitaly meets up with someone from the docks and learns that The Icebreaker was last seen up near [[Igenstad|Ironford]] (AKA Igenstad) and that there is a prisoner shipment leaving to travel there in the next day.


### People
- [[Oni|Wajir]] - Oni that was in Samugi's teacup and attacked the group to get Cassius' magical artifact 
- [[Reginald Donovan]] 
- Natasha Stoneheart 
- Garrick 

### Places 
- [[New Calim]] 
	- Platinum Grove
	- The Huntsman's Promise
	- The Temple of The Raven Queen
	- The [[Mortal Promise]] 

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 
- [[Vitaly]] 

### Recap Video
https://youtu.be/jsGUc6FMuo0?si=qH5dhHD6SFZOmicZ

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jsGUc6FMuo0?si=qH5dhHD6SFZOmicZ" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe> 

[[33 - 05052024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[35 - 05192024|Next session →]]</span>