## Events
The group spends the night at The [[Mortal Promise]] and on their way to leave they see [[Ottoluke Organdorf]]. He is sad that they are probably going to die on their quest to kill [[Gunner Ironford]] and decides to help them on their journey. They go to the Under Table of [[Karsus Folly]] to buy magical items, including two rings of spell storing, a heroes feast, and a teleportation sigil. Ottoluke then teleports them to [[Igenstad]], with a sigil that looks nothing like the one Sundara purchased.

On teleporting into Igenstad they are immediately singled out as outsiders given they are not wearing local clothing, have tattoos from the local prison, and do not speak the language. After paying two guards off to not take Allara to jail, the guards say they will take them to the [[Church of Laduguer]]. They appear to be taking them to a quieter area of the city and possibly away from the Church. Sundara polymorphs them into rats and Cassius shoves them in the portable hole, where they presumably die of suffocation.

After help from Ottoluke to disguise themselves as duergar they finally approach the Church. Listening in while various duergar speak Undercommon, Cassius discovers where High Priestess Frag might be and Sundara goes to investigate while invisible. After knocking on her door, High Priestess Frag opens the door, looks around, and goes invisible herself. She then grapples and throws Sundara against the table demanding she reveal herself. Sundara tells her of their plan to kill Gunner; the Priestess collects the rest of the group and says that she will get them into prison today and create a distraction. She gives Cassius a special dagger, a soul cage, and demands that these along with Gunner's Hammer be left behind if they are able to assassinate him. She does not mention his armor and artifact, The Pelt of the Moon Warden.

They get into [[Ironford Prison]] through an underground tunnel. Cassius sends a message to [[Chalice Manath|Chalice]] and as they get closer he tells her to come to the main area of the Drowned Ward. They reunite and fall over hugging each other for the first time in months. She states that she had been a prisoner of both [[Oswald Beaumont|Oswald]] and [[Dunspero Beaumont|Dunspero]] Beaumont, but that Dunspero got tired of having a prisoner so she was sent to Ironford. Sundara hands her a healing potion and Chalice immediately starts flirting.

After a heroes feast the group runs towards the Throne Room where they see Gunner battling massive burrowing worm-like creatures while wearing his [[Pieces of The Inevitable|Piece of the Inevitable]].

### People
- [[Ottoluke Organdorf]] 
- [[Church of Laduguer|High Priestess Helga Frag]]
- [[Chalice Manath]] 

### Places 
- [[New Calim]] 
- [[Karsus Folly]]
- Igenstad

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 
### Absent
- [[Vitaly]] 

### Recap Video
Insert Link Here

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly