## Events
The group, after rescuing Chalice, head towards the Throne Room where there is a large commotion. Cave worms are running wild, influenced by an unknown [[Clockwork Devices|Clockwork Device]]. While he is distracted, the group tries to flank Gunner, but are noticed by one of his subordinates. Battle ensues with Gunner quickly joining the fray and seems particularly interested in Cass. Gunner encourages members of the prison to go after the group, but Ottoluke, initially disguised as a goblin holds them off. Fighting against Gunner and his crew, the group starts to gain the upper hand. At one point Sundara communes with his weapon, The Grandfather Clock, and learns that he has not broken his oath to the goddess Laduguer herself, but to the [[Church of Laduguer|church]]. There is some sort of sentient being within his hammer that feeds off of the injuries that Gunner inflicts and he is clearly still the champion of the Laduguer. Gunner shares a look with a bard in his group and they begin to escape through dimension doors.

The group quickly follows them underground to [[The Icebreaker]] and commence a harrowing and close battle. As things continue to look worse for Gunner, he tells his bard, who he seems to share an intimate connection with, to leave and scuttle the ship. After fighting tooth and nail they finish Gunner off. They take his paladin prisoner and the only surviving member, the bard, runs off. 

> [!success]- Success  
> Defeat Gunner Ironford and take his Piece of The Inevitable

Sundara works to gain control of The Icebreaker as it continues to fly into the roof of the cave on an automatic path to self-destruction. Samugi helps get the engine room open. Everybody stays on board in a show of support and Sundara is able to commune fully with the ship and lower it into the water. Ottoluke returns to the group, commenting on how he forgot how good bloodlust felt, and saying goodbye to Gunner one last time. The group strips Gunner of [[Pieces of The Inevitable|The Pelt of the Moonwarden]]. Sending his body with the specialized Laduguer dagger, the soul cage they forgot to use, and the Grandfather Clock hammer back to the pier as they drift off. They notice two figures approaching, Vitaly quickly hides deeper in the ship with the artifact. Cass messages [[Church of Laduguer|Helga Frag]] to come quickly to retrieve the items.

Alexi Faraday and Conrad Gricks arrive. Faraday finds it interesting that the group is here and asks about the [[Pieces of The Inevitable|Piece of The Inevitable]]. Cassius tells him that Vitaly ran off with it. Faraday tells Cas and Sundara that he is not ruthless or unhinged like some other people he once called companions. He won't target our family or publicly ruin our names, but wants to continue to handle this like gentlemen. He asks if they can complete a fair trade, the Gavel of the Judge for the Pelt of the Moonwarden, like he planned to do with Gunner. Sundara asks for some time to think about his offer and he agrees.  

Ottoluke, who was hiding as a goblin while Faraday was on the ship, suspects that Faraday needs pieces that are inherent to the biology of [[Aurunat, The Inevitable]]. He thinks that pieces such as the skin, which is in our possession, or the body, which is in [[Solonor]]'s possession, would allow someone access to things only The Inevitable could reach.

The group decides to set sail, presumably back to [[New Calim]] for the time being. Chalice formally introduces herself to the group and grabs some Greenbottle Reserve for a celebratory drink. 

### People
- [[Chalice Manath]] 
- [[Ottoluke Organdorf]] 
- [[Gunner Ironford]] 
- [[Alexi Faraday]] 
- [[Conrad Gricks]] 

### Places 
- [[Ironford Prison]] 

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 
- [[Vitaly]] 
### Absent


### Recap Video
https://youtu.be/RkHr0cbunGs?si=RD9UPt3bhBrSyygp

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RkHr0cbunGs?si=ZFK2zVk-44iohgMV" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>