## Events
The group explores [[The Icebreaker]]. Cassius finds a full kitchen crew working under [[Bordon Ramley]], a well renowned chef. On the ship they also meet Carter Abbyman, a banker on retainer, and Jean Paul, the Maître d'. 

[[Chalice Manath|Chalice]] recounts the events of her last few months. She was investigating after Cassius went missing while in [[Ironford Prison]]. She discovered a larger conspiracy where the Queen of [[Brightwater]] with the help of Duke [[Oswald Beaumont]], would infiltrate and destabilize various systems and governments utilizing [[Solonor]] and his [[Clockwork Devices]]. All this to further the dominion of The Queen. Chalice tried to infiltrate the Beaumont home but was caught. She was kept as his prisoner for multiple months and ruthlessly interrogated until his daughter took over. The interrogations stopped, then she was sent off to [[Ironford Prison]] where [[Gunner Ironford|Gunner]] continued to interrogate her about the information she obtained, presumably at the Duchesses request. 

> [!note]- Group Moment  
> At dinner, the group chats about aging, immortality, Samugi's family (or lack thereof), and Allara's past. They spend the remainder of the evening in the crow's nest drinking Greenbottle Reserve and watching the stars. Allara thinks about the [[Raven Queen]] and saving Varrick from death and Cassius swims in these memories in order to escape his own thoughts about [[Dunspero Beaumont|Dunspero]]. Sundara thinks about how she developed romantic feelings for Solonor and her thoughts drift to Chalice and she explores her memories instead. Chalice recalls her time as a captive and fighting to survive but then has an overwhelming feeling of hopefulness about the future. Samugi is thinking about a faceless Hangul gnome that he feels has been haunting him everywhere he goes. He wraps himself in his astral arms and through relaxing exercises, meditates through the feelings. The group falls asleep under the night sky.

In the morning Cassius wakes up and goes to meet with the banker Carter Abbyman. They go over Gunner's last wishes which includes bequeathing the deed of the ship and some other goods to the person who murdered him. Cassius also opens a bank account for the group under the name, The Expeditionary Reclamation Force, as well as a bank account of his own. 

The group goes to the brig and interrogates the halfling paladin that fought for Gunner. He and his partner were sent to investigate a sorceress in Yuan Ti country, an ally to [[Mira]] The Death Cleric, his cover was blown and they were captured as prisoners. She did something to his mind and he ended up working under Gunner, partially against his will. Allara and Cassius investigate the prison tattoo and notice that it is a Curse of Surveillance, not the Ironford Curse. Cassius starts to talk to whoever is listening in, but the group steps outside to discuss the next steps. With the plan to have Allara remove the curse they rush back into the brig to find a closing Gate Spell, with an unknown [[Unknown Prisoner Murder|female]] assassin standing over the paladin's body. 

Allara begins the process of imbuing the ship with holy power to prevent unauthorized teleportation. Sundara enlists the help of Samugi for a [[Clockwork Devices|clockwork]] upgrade to the ship. Samugi tinkers into the engine room and creates a relay to help connect the Clockwork Sentinel to the The Icebreaker. Sundara communes with the grouped entity and meets Beverly Waverly for the first time, the soul that was originally used to create the Sentinel. Beverly is overwhelmed by the realization she is only a mind and the new experience of being a ship. She takes control of The Icebreaker and begins to fly into [[New Calim]], firing the cannons. Sundara talks her off the ledge inside the Clockwork Void. She promises they will work together to make sure what happened to her doesn't happen to anyone else and will find a way to free her soul if she wishes. Beverly gently lands the ship in the bay and as the Sentinel (Mech-Bev?) introduces herself to the rest of the group. 

They dock in New Calim. Initially soldiers are present and endorsing their surrender. The group, using [[Ottoluke Organdorf|Ottoluke's]] thaumaturgy, explain that they are here as friendlies. Leland arrives with Briggs, Nick, and Dannyboy and they join the ships crew.

They head to the Jaded Jackal to reunite the [[Zariah and Anelia Manath|Manath family]]. Cassius turns into Vale. On reuniting they all hug and the rest of the evening turns into a massive celebration with food, games, dancing, and music. Anelia and Zariah interrogate various members of the group and eventually tells Vale that they approve of their travelling companions. Anelia in particular likes Samugi and Zariah assumes Vale and Sundara are a 'thing.' Vale's parents discuss their return to [[Brightwater]] in the next couple of days, especially as the political landscape of New Calim changes with [[Dunspero Beaumont]] taking over.

### People
- Icebreaker Crew
	- [[Bordon Ramley]] - head chef
	- Carter Abbyman - banker on staff
	- Mr. Radler - unknown role
	- Jean Paul - Maître d' 
	- [[Leland]] 
	- [[Briggs]] 
	- Nick
	- Dannyboy
	- Mech-Bev
- [[Chalice Manath]] 
- [[Zariah and Anelia Manath]] 

### Places 
- The Open Seas 
- [[New Calim]] 

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 

### Absent
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Vitaly]] 

### Recap Video
Insert Link Here

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly