[[37 - 06012024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[39 - 06162024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
The group wakes up after the celebration at the Jaded Jackal. Varrick is up first and witnesses [[Chalice Manath|Chalice]] leaving Sundara's room. At the bar he meets ?Modellin, a repo man with the FETC. He states that the group has inherited [[Gunner Ironford|Gunner's]] debt of 54,384 gold. Varrick tells him we aren't paying and to leave. He then goes to the [[Sea of Swords]] and talks with [[Sarah Stoneheart]]. He tells her about their past, her memories come flooding back and she goes through waves of emotions before finally punching Varrick in the face and having to be held back by other Sea of Swords members. Varrick is escorted out, where Natasha finds him gives him a hug and starts crying.

The group returns to the ship for the reading of the last will and testament of Gunner. During this event the group meet [[Mira]] personally, she has a creepy vibe, but otherwise seems uninterested in the group. Sundara confronts The Engineer, she uncovers her face and realizes they are related, she's her cousin from Valendri. She tells Sundara that she has been working for Solonor after being drawn to do so during her Trial of Future Visions 3 months ago, aligning with the time Sundara left/was sent away. She comments that she can only be an engineer and is frustrated that Sundara doesn't understand Solonor's plans. The group talks with Carter Abbyman regarding the meeting with the repo man and he says to not pay anything for the time being and that he will check on things personally. Additionally, he offers a contract with the bank to find Ironsoul and deliver the staff.

> [!info]- Last Will and Testament of Gunner Ironford  
> - [[Alexi Faraday]] (representative [[Conrad Gricks]]) - magical spell storing ring; mentions his journey to awake the heart of [[Karsus]]
> - [[Mira]] The Death Cleric - magical amulet; mentions her journey in the serpent lord shrine into the depths of darkness
> - Ironsoul - Rivers and Wind Staff; mentions his solitary path and their differing convictions
> - Solonor (representative The Engineer - Anastasia) - depo of dark iron; mentions his craftsmanship and sharing knowledge with the world
> - [[Ottoluke Organdorf]] - Skull of a warchief; mentions that he is beacon of resilience
> - Freya Yarnsin - reading; requests her forgiveness
> - Galand - ship; mentions his love for him

Prior to heading to [[Langston]] to continue collecting [[Pieces of The Inevitable]], Sundara asks to visit [[Valendri]]. Before leaving, Cassius meets up with [[Dunspero Beaumont|Dunspero]]. She initially seems reserved but warms up to Cassius who does the opposite and internally becomes more cold and stone-faced to her. As they say goodbye, Cassius pointedly does not tell Dunspero that he loves her.

After talking with Mech-Bev in the Clockwork Void, they drop the dark iron plating outside of the New Calim bay and the ship takes off for Valendri. The group spends time chatting more about their respective past during dinner and then they learn of a stowaway on the ship. Natasha is in the kitchen holding a knife. Varrick talks with her and disarms her of most of her weapons. They send a message to Sarah who demands that Natasha return to her within 30 minutes or she will slowly tear Varrick apart. Sundara, Varrick, and Natasha teleport to the Sea of Swords. Sarah runs and grabs Natasha and then hugs her. She then runs up to hug and kiss Varrick. She is still furious and says that her plan is to find the people he signed a pact with (The [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]]) and dissolve them and their entire circle. After she leaves, Varrick hugs Sundara and starts to cry. Sundara can't find the right words to comfort him, but pats him on the back. 

As she cast teleportation circle to return to the ship, in a way she has never witnessed before, the magic is completely sucked away. On the ship there are two loud thuds. Cassius and Allara run to the deck assuming a sky pirate attack, only to find [[Phaerimm]] pulling themselves on board.


### People
- [[Chalice Manath]] 
- [[Ottoluke Organdorf]] 
- Modullin - repo man
- [[Conrad Gricks]] 
- [[Mira]] 
- Freya Yarnsin - Gunner's mother
- Helga Frag
- Galand
- The Engineer - Anastasia
- Carter Sterling Abbyman
- Thaddeus Goldman
- [[Dunspero Beaumont]] 

### Places 
- [[New Calim]] 
	- The [[Mortal Promise]] 
	- The Whispering Tower
	- [[The Icebreaker]] 
- The Open Skies

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Vitaly]] 
### Absent
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video
No recap video available for this session

[[37 - 06012024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[39 - 06162024|Next session →]]</span>