---
date: 2024-06-22
---
[[39 - 06162024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[41 - 06282024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
Before heading to sleep, Allara finds Samugi  And ask him about the source of his powers. Samugi initially thought he got them from a curse, but his powers grew after studying with a fellowship of monks in the Hangul mountains. Allara and Samugi spend the evening drinking tea, meditating, and practicing forms. During this Sundara explores the city, showing Vitaly and Cassius around. Cassius notes that his polylute and precursor gun seem closer to their roots in Valendri, he later ask Sundara if they could take some time talking about their magic if they live through their next mission.

During breakfast, Sundara asks the group for their help rescuing her father and the other Valendrians captured by the [[Phaerimm]]. Without hesitation they all agree to help. Solara leads them to the armory to obtain weapons and some Valendrians seemed slightly bothered by that, Solara emphasized that these are for Sundara and they quartermaster backs down. They obtain basic armor, weapons, and 3 [[Psionic Weapons]].

Sundara tells her mother that she won't be leaving until getting her father back. Solara mentions how dangerous it is, but knows that Sundara will move forward with her plan whether or not Solara agrees, thus Solara insist on coming with them. 

The have to make it to The Garden to rescue the hostages. The only ways to get there are by flight or through the Etherium Ward gate, which a specific keeper may know the way through.

On their way, they battle against 4 Phaerimm and learn that they cast illusion spells that act as body doubles, but only the true Phaerimm attacks hit, their bite can consume the victims strongest spell energy (their highest spell slot) spell slot, and they can force you to concentrate on their spells. They defeat these creatures and arrive at a temple in the Etherium District with 3 Valendrians inside of a sealed glass dome that has Phareimm teeth marks on it.

### People
- [[Solara and Cyndir Elisthorn|Solara]]

### Places 
- [[Valendri]]

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 
- [[Vitaly]] 
### Absent


### Recap Video
https://youtu.be/99t_is8KcR0?si=vCeQREjJmd6vvCcE

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/99t_is8KcR0?si=vCeQREjJmd6vvCcE" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[39 - 06162024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[41 - 06282024|Next session →]]</span>