---
date: YYYY-MM-DD
---
[[40 - 06222024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[42 - 07062024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
The group are let into the protected area of the [[Valendri|Etherium District]]. They enter a three leveled tower with various teleportation runes on the floor, an arcane engine, and a clockwork device that generates a shield. They meet 3 Valendri elves Nyleah, Thalosa, Arnor, and a gnome, Klagger. They learn that Klagger was sent by [[Alexi Faraday]] to imbue objects with psionic energy to make [[Psionic Weapons|psionic weapons]], he also takes time to teach the group more about the [[Phaerimm]], including the knowledge that they have multiple life stages and use humanoids as host. 

Varrick uses one of the teleportation runes and convinces Keeper Arnor to come down from the shield generator and talk with the rest of the group. Sundara is particularly interested in hearing his story once she learns he went with her father, [[Solara and Cyndir Elisthorn|Cyndir]], on an expedition to The Gardens but Arnor was the only one to return. As she begins to ask him questions he comments on the fact that Sundara abandoned her people and they begin to argue. Sundara does not trust him and Vale uses magic to detect his thoughts, discovering that something is off about his memories. Arnor looks to the sky just as phaerimm swarm the shield and latch onto it.  

Battle ensues as phaerimm begin to break through the shield. Vale and Vitaly kill Arnor suspecting he has the Phaerimm Sickness and in the distance hear something inhuman screeching in pain. Before getting a chance to repair the failing shields, a phaerimm consumes Sundara's magic and disintegrates it entirely. Things look dire as they are surrounded by multiple juveniles, a knight, and what they suspect to be a rapidly approaching shepherd. Solara tries to draw them away long enough for everyone to escape, but Sundara refuses to leave without her. In a last ditch attempt to keep everyone alive, Thalosa and Nyleah cast a beautiful and powerful combined spell to distract the Phaerimm while Solara prepares a spell to escape from the fallen district, at the last minute Sundara teleports Thalosa and Nyleah pulling them away from their spell, but into the range of Solara's teleportation escape. 

> [!failure]- Failure  
> Rescue the captured Valendrians

They flash in an instant to a dark cavern covered in viscous organic material. As their eyes adjust to the darkness, Solara begins whispering curses and apologies. They see the landmass sized [[Phaerimm]] Queen feeding off of the main nexus battery powering all of Valendri.

### People
- [[Solara and Cyndir Elisthorn|Solara]]
- [[Klagger]]
- Etherium District Valendrians
	- Archivist Nyleah
	- Elder Thalosa
	- Keeper Arnor

### Places 
- [[Valendri]]

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 

### Absent
- [[Vitaly]] 

### Recap Video
Insert Link Here

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

[[40 - 06222024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[42 - 07062024|Next session →]]</span>