[[43 - 07152024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;"> [[45 - 07302024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
After their harrowing battle with the [[Oni]] and subsequently [[Ironsoul]] the group returns to the ship battered and bloodied. [[Leland]] is waiting aboard with some other crewmembers including Dannyboy. Dannyboy stares strangely and intensely at Vale making her uncomfortable with the situation; she makes a beeline for her Captain's Quarters and tries to go to sleep. After an odd dream where her mother ominously suggests Vale and the group go to [[Langston]] she wakes up and notices footprints leading into her room but not leaving.

During breakfast they also notice Jean Paul acting abnormally and Leland looking for Dannyboy, who was late to his shift this morning. Varrick tries to help look for him, but they are unable to find him and note this is very out of character. On return to her quarters Vale is startled to see the original Vale, whose face she had taken on and believed to be long dead, in her room. Without hesitation, Cas/Vale pulls out a gun and shoots at her. 

> [!quote]+ Quote  
> First, you steal my face, and now this is the level of cordiality with which you treat me.
> - Valesca Vale

The other Vale is able to dodge easily and for a moment disappears. When she reappears she informs the group that she has a message to deliver. They are to go to Langston and preset themselves to [[The Bone King]]. She hands them evidence that she has been close to each of their loved ones: Natasha's stuffed minotaur to Varrick, Vespir Thorne's signet ring to Allara, and Anelia Mananth's pearl necklace to Cas/Vale. She then departs.

As they regroup about what just happened, they get additional information from both Leland and [[Ottoluke Organdorf]] who decided to briefly visit the group via the teleportation circle. Leland tells them that Velesca Vale is a well renowned assassin and bounty hunter that was presumably hired by The Bone King, a powerful storm sorcerer also known as Elhorn, to deliver that message. Upon hearing this Varrick tells the group that Elhorn was the man that killed his son, Atlas. He talks with his ex-wife [[Sarah Stoneheart]], who tells Varrick he must kill Elhorn.

### People
- Valesca Vale
- Carter Abbyman

### Places 
- The Open Skies

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius|Cassius/Vale]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 
- [[Vitaly]] 
### Absent


### Recap Video
https://youtu.be/hK6KsaFy-lI?si=C__GGc5dEbMkZ2e-

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/hK6KsaFy-lI?si=bathdIRvQh9x11gJ" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[43 - 07152024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;"> [[45 - 07302024|Next session →]]</span>