---
date: YYYY-MM-DD
---
[[44 - 07212024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[46 - 08042024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
Sitting on [[The Icebreaker]] sailing into New Calim, the group discuss with Nick, Dannyboy, and [[Leland]] to get more information on [[The Bone King]]. They note that he is wildly unpredictable and dangerous, while on his crew they did random evil acts for no reason. 

Varrick scries on The Bone King and sees he speaking to a prisoner, someone who appears to be one of his old friends. After sharing this information with the crew, Sundara ask [[Ottoluke Organdorf]] to come to their ship to answer questions about his book. He initially thinks it is regarding the book her recently wrote before learning they meant [[Pieces of The Inevitable|The Legend of the Moonwarden]]. They learn this particular piece allows users to place magical charms within other magical items and switch them at the owners or at the books whim.

Allara communes with The [[Raven Queen]] to discover if they are on the correct path and gets relatively vague answers but is told to believe in herself.

Cassius recruits Sundara to help perform a ritual spell on his magical weapons. Cassius' body goes unconscious while his mind meets The Traveler, on return to his body he discovers his weapons have been awakened. 

Back on the deck of the ship they begin to dock in New Calim, they decide to travel by horse and carriage to [[Langston]] while leaving the ship under the guard of the crew and newly placed glyphs of warding. This includes taking Lucky, the horse, they were gifted when they killed [[Gunner Ironford]]. While they are gone, Chef [[Bordon Ramley]] will run a high-end restaurant. 

### People
- Nick
- Dannyboy
- [[Leland]]
- [[Ottoluke Organdorf]]

### Places 
- The Open Skies
- [[New Calim]]

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 

### Absent
- [[Samugi]] 
- [[Vitaly]] 

### Recap Video
https://youtu.be/Jv4Uthd4zkQ?si=d_H8CvWvd_fqnOZ1

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Jv4Uthd4zkQ?si=d_H8CvWvd_fqnOZ1" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[44 - 07212024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[46 - 08042024|Next session →]]</span>
