---
date: 2024-08-04
---
[[45 - 07302024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[47 - 08112024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
Riding into [[Langston]] the group comes to a clearing where a rope bridge was cut some time ago. Cassius is able to see through time that it was cut by Capitan [[Reyna]] during a goblin ambush. Using a very complicated series of magical spells, the group is able to get across but have to leave their carriage behind. On they way they learn from Dannyboy that their contact is [[Shitty Bill]], a tabaxi they previously crossed paths with under not-so-friendly circumstances. 

On arrival at Shitty's tavern he notes how difficult it would be to take down Elhorn, he recommends not fighting him on his terms and with help from a faction. He provides a list of factions that might be willing to help.

> [!info]- Factions that might help against [[The Bone King]]  
> - Lords of Tempest - Kozanite pirates
> - Hands of the Founder - FETC religious zealots
> - FETC Repo Facility - FETC repo men under the thumb of The Bone King
> - Bladereavers - worshippers of the Devil Prince Levistus
> - Cult of Quay - sea soul eaters
> - The Harbor Ghost - seem interested in shutting down tincture production but not long term stability of Langston

The group starts off by talking with The Bladereavers at the Windowbrand Academy, they state that they specifically take on task that are impossible. They offered protection in a meeting with The Bone King for 10,000 gold. Before making a final decision, they group decide to talk with other factions first. Allara leaves the group and responds cryptically when asked where she is going, so the group pursues her and finds her in a shady and dangerous Kozanite bar. She states she isn't willing to wait any longer to confront The Bone King and thus the group heads to meet him in his territory. 

Once aboard his ship he states he is interested in, 'a trade.' He will take our artifacts and he tells us what to do and where to go with our ship, starting off by killing a privateer, Kalimoff. The group bristles at this idea and The Bone King tells us that the moment we stepped on his ship, we were dead, and this is his gift, another chance at life. Sundara cast a Wall of Force spell in a protective globe which Elhorn disintegrates. Varrick and Samugi fight against the numerous crew moving to attack. Sundara cast Globe of Invulnerability giving Allara protection to cast a teleportation spell that returns them safely to [[The Icebreaker]].

### People


### Places 
- [[Langston]]

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] 
- [[Samugi]] 

### Absent
- [[Vitaly]] 

### Recap Video
https://youtu.be/rQK1R5EPQeI?si=v_0U35yx21dAg8mq

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/rQK1R5EPQeI?si=vnzbDfLbAYjIGQiP" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[45 - 07302024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[47 - 08112024|Next session →]]</span>