---
date: YYYY-MM-DD
---
[[46 - 08042024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">Next session →]]</span>

## Events
On board [[The Icebreaker]] the crew regroups after the events on [[The Bone King|Elhorn's]] ship. The weather swiftly changes and the group hears a message, "Well that wasn't very cordial was it? And you attacked my dog. This is the last you'll be hearing from me, because you won't see me coming." They decide to contact their families and find a way to keep them safe. Cassius talks with his [[Zariah and Anelia Manath|parents]] who agree to come from [[Brightwater]] to stay at the [[Mortal Promise]]. They send [[Chalice Manath]] early who agrees to stay at the Mortal Promise. Chalice and Sundara have an awkward hello before parting ways. Varrick warns [[Sarah Stoneheart]] of the impending danger and has a moment to talk with Natasha. 

Simultaneously some members of the group go to talk with [[Reyna]] on her ship, which looks slightly delapidated and run by a smallish shifty crew. We tell her of our goal taking Elhorn down and she joins us on our mission. Cassius sends a message to Dannyboy who was left behind in Langston telling him to hide and that the city is being locked down.

A regal envoy arrives wearing the colors of the Queen of Brightwater. The wrapped gift is set down on our ship and the envoy hurries away. It begins to look somewhat suspicious and while trying to figure out what is going on, Varrick pulls the wrapping off the gift and walks away to continue handling his business with Sarah. It appears to be a [[Clockwork Devices|clockwork device]] crafted by a Langston faction called "The Arterlist" and is meant to disperse and unknown liquid. While Sundara communes with the device to destroy it, Samugi is able to swiftly grab the vial of unknown liquid. They look at the note sent with the gift which says, "This is only the beginning." Presumably one of the many attacks from Elhorn.

After some discussion, the group decides to disguise themselves and head into [[Langston]] from a more obscure route, hoping to get into the city undetected. As they approach the cliff and the bay into Langston, there is a ship docked at the base of the cliff. A frost giant and multiple [[Oni]] fly to the top of the cliff and confront the magically disguised crew. 

#### Other Notes
Stacks of heat: 4

### People
- [[Ottoluke Organdorf]]
- [[Sarah Stoneheart]]
- Natasha Stoneheart
- [[Zariah and Anelia Manath|Anelia Manath]]
- [[Chalice Manath]]

### Places 
- [[New Calim]]
- [[Langston]]

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] to [[Reyna]]

### Absent
- [[Samugi]] 
- [[Vitaly]] 

### Recap Video
https://youtu.be/YIkPkiB8hBQ?si=rd0DHV4S4mUL5-PK

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/YIkPkiB8hBQ?si=rd0DHV4S4mUL5-PK" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[46 - 08042024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">Next session →]]</span>