[[48 - 08182024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">Next session →]]</span>

## Events
The group leaves the tower and heads to Coalridge, Trigger decides to come with them. He has a special lantern that help repel the ghost in The Lost District. As they get to the gate of The Vulture Den factory they notice an alarm system. Reyna steals a workers punch card and makes it into the gated area of the factory. At this time Varrick and Samugi initiate their distraction, but they miss when firing Samugi from The Stack Pack and he goes flying over the gate. A gunman on the gate starts shooting into the crowd causing chaos.  Varrick stays outside to keep fighting the gunman.

Inside the factory gates they get into building C and ask Danny where he is, he confirms he is below building C. Cas, Sundara, Samugi, and Reyna are in the factory pretending to work. Samugi overhears that the boiler is working and they are looking for an engineer. She drags Sundara to the worker, who sends her to the basement and locks the door behind her. She makes her way to the empty boiler room and cast invisibility and moves in the opposite direction where she finds 12 prisoner in a cage, including Danny. 

At the same time outside, Varrick is leading 3 [[Clockwork Devices|clockwork trolls]] on a chase through the city while bleeding from his various injuries. He is eventually able to escape them.

Through the bars of the cage, Sundara wraps her arms around Danny and teleports 60ft over the streets of Langston. They feather fall to the ground and head to the meeting point, The Cask and Lantern. On the way she messages Cas and tells him she has Danny and to extract himself. Just as he is receiving this message a clockwork troll enters the building and begins scanning around. Cas grabs Reyna and teleports out. 

The group meet at The Cask and Lantern where Varrick is getting the bullets removed and stitched up by the barkeep. Danny tells them that it was [[Shitty Bill]] who turned him in after the group confronted [[The Bone King]]. He offers to stay in Langston and help them, especially given his new grudge with The Bone Hunters. Triggers walks into the pub and the group moves to reconvene at The Harbor Ghost tower. 

### People
- Dannyboy
- Trigger

### Places 
- [[Langston]]
	- The Vulture Den

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Allara]] to [[Reyna|Reyna]]
- [[Samugi]] 
### Absent


### Recap Video
Insert Link Here

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

[[48 - 08182024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">Next session →]]</span>