---
date: YYYY-MM-DD
---
[[51 - 09132024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[53 - 09302024|Next Session →]]</span>

## Events
The group makes it makes it back to shore. Varrick asks [[Ollie Silver]] for the Kraken bones and after figuring how this changes the groups payment, he promises to deliver the bones to the group. The group helps offload the kraken carcass and chats with the crew while also getting more information about their partnership with [[Bloodgulch Meatworks]]. 

Varrick tries to communicate with the Kraken he killed and received the trident from. He learns he can breathe underwater. The kraken, Drakus, request Varricks builds a shrine in his honor at the bottom of the ocean.

After making it back to the Harbor Ghost hideout, they find [[Abrams]] reading a letter for the group. It is a letter from [[Dunspero Beaumont]] inviting the group to her estate outside of [[Langston]], Barrowmoor Manor. At arriving on the point on the map indicated they meet Cobb. Cas previously knew Cobb as a barkeep and owner of his favorite tavern in [[Brightwater]], he now works for Dunspero and helping her stay grounded.

On arriving at the Manor they are greated by Dunspero. All see her markings of The [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]] on her hands while she cast dispel magic on them to help them get out of their disguises. She offers the group a safe place to stay while they work in Langston. Some members of the group notice charms with The Circle's runes throughout the island.

Cas and Dunspero catch up. She tells him how it has been hard in New Calim and how she is trying to maintain power to be useful to the Queen of Brightwater. She also tells Cas that her father, [[Oswald Beaumont]], has safegaurds against his death in place, but that she prevented his resurrection and feels responsible for killing him. While they have this deep conversation, Varrick gets high on gnome clover in a pantry with Cobb and Sundara rides horses with Rami, a Delmiri horsemaster.

Dunspero says she will be hosting a dinner to catch up and invites us to use her teleportation sigil freely and to invite friends and family as we wish. Cas and Dunspero spend the afternoon in bed together while the group contemplates dinner in the evening and explore the grounds and its defenses, which including [[Clockwork Devices|Clockwork Servers]].

### People
- [[Ollie Silver]]
- Jank - member of the Rust Alley Whalers
- [[Abrams]]
- Cobb
- [[Dunspero Beaumont]]

### Places 
- [[Langston]]
- Barrowmoor Manor

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 

### Absent
- [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video
https://youtu.be/oGb6Jm_8gQA?si=qcmEOMaLcRT_rop6

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/oGb6Jm_8gQA?si=qcmEOMaLcRT_rop6" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[51 - 09132024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[53 - 09302024|Next Session →]]</span>