[[52 - 09222024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">Next session →]]</span>

## Events
After spending time in bed together, Cas and [[Dunspero Beaumont|Dunspero]] begin getting dressed for dinner. Dunspero admits to being a part of The [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]] and in some type of contract for power. She reminds Cas that he didn't used to be such a team player, then ask him how important the group is to him; she eventually admits that The Circle is planning to kill Varrick tomorrow evening, at Barrowmoor. Additionally the witch who holds her contract will be there. She denies having invited them to the manor to help with this and says that she is willing to work alongside Cas in whatever he decides to do.

Varrick asks Sundara to take him to [[New Calim]]. He speaks with his ex-wife [[Sarah Stoneheart]] and invites her to dinner, telling her it may be dangerous. She dons armor, weapons, and a beautiful dress in preparation. Natasha tries to sneak out of bed to come, but Varrick turns her in to her mother. Sundara sends a message to [[Solonor]] asking him to come to dinner and he agrees.

All the invited parties convene at the manor. Sarah and Samugi get drunk quickly and before dinner even starts. Sundara pulls Solonor away for a walk. She asks to know the truth about how her and Solonor met and learns how he manipulated her. She also learns more about his friendship with [[Karsus|Valender]] and his experience with the [[Phaerimm]]. They confirm their feelings for each other, Solonor admitting how he can be cold and calculating and Sundara admitting how she resented him for a time.

During dinner they are served an amazing multicourse meal while having awkward revelations and conversations:
- Samugi struggles to mage hand soup into his mouth and then finally succeeds
- They discuss how difficult Clockwork sentinels are to destroy and that they have hurt us before 
	- ("Well it sounds like you've all faced them numerous times and you're all quite alive, so it looks like there's room for Improvement. That was a a joke of course. I'm pleased that none of my inventions have killed anyone... Well... killed any of you." The memory of this was changed without the groups knowledge)
- The death of [[Aurunat, The Inevitable]]
- Sarah gets drunk and obviously is not a fan of how tightly Dunspero and her sentinels are controlling the city
- Sundara ask Solonor if the sentinels could be made without living souls
	- They learn that [[Spark|tincture]] was an invention of [[Alexi Faraday]]
- Dunspero learns that Sundara is the granddaughter of [[Karsus]]
- Dunspero grabs Cas' gun and playfully doesn't give it back, Solonor uses magic to return it to him

At the end of the night, Cas leaves when Dunspero attempts to spend the night with him. Instead he informs Sundara of the situation regarding Varrick and they come up with a preliminary plan. Sundara invites Solonor to stay the night at Barrowmoor Manor, but he instead teleports them to his cozy magical mountain hideaway where they spend the night together.


### People
- [[Dunspero Beaumont]]
- Cobb
- [[Sarah Stoneheart]]
- Natasha Stoneheart
- [[Solonor]]

### Places 
- Barrowmoor Manor

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Samugi]] 

### Absent
- [[Allara]] to [[Reyna|Reyna]]

### Recap Video
https://youtu.be/DyriYucR9W8?si=yMqJXIPqzsKKab3c

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/DyriYucR9W8?si=yMqJXIPqzsKKab3c" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[52 - 09222024|← Previous session]]<span style="float: right;">Next session →]]</span>