---
date: 2024-10-06
---
[[53 - 09302024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[55 - 10122024|Next session →]]</span>

## Events
In the morning, the member of the group wake up in their respective areas. Sundara wakes up at Solonor's in Burning Hands Peak. He gives her a clockwork key to his workshop and says its not a requirement but ask that she comes alone. Her teleports her back to Barrowmoor Manor where she meets up with Cobb, Ottoluke, and Cas for breakfast. Ottoluke comments offhandedly how he can't scry on Barrowmoor Island, but if someone was to leave the island he could monitor them. Sundara asks Ottoluke not to scry on her without her permission.

Varrick and Sarah wake up together, she comments on all the stress she has about work stuff. When Varrick ask how he can help, she says by coming home and being a father. She tells him that she is worried that Varrick's true addiction is to killing. She comes down to breakfast with the goal to leave before Dunspero gets up. During breakfast, Sarah, Sundara, and Vale have some relationship talke. Sarah comments that Sundara should wait for a signs from Solonor and shouldn't make the first move. Sundara ask her what Varrick did to regain her trust and she notes that he might not yet have it. 

After Sarah leaves, Cas tells Varrick about the impending attack from The [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]]. Varrick obviously feels betrayed by Dunspero. After conferring with Ottoluke they learn that his pact with Melania is part of a coven of witches, because his pact has been broken they are coming to claim his soul. There are 5 witches and [[Serpa]] who will be the executioner. 

They start preparing for battle. Cassius goes to Dunspero to get information and update her. She doesn't have a lot of information to share and cuts Cas off before he tells her the plan. While getting ready to leave she tells him that its best that she knows nothing and isn't around when The Circle arrives. Samugi tinkers some bombs, Cas makes magical enchantments, Sundara takes over a clockwork sentinel, and [[Allara]] visits and cast a couple of spells to prepare them for battle. At then end of their preparation, using Lucky the Nightmare and Ottoluke's magic they teleport the the Ethereal Plane and face The Circle.

### People
- [[Solonor]]
- [[Ottoluke Organdorf]]
- [[Sarah Stoneheart]]
- [[Dunspero Beaumont]]
- The [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]]

### Places 
- Burning Hands Peak
- Barrowmoor Manor

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Samugi]] 

### Absent
- [[Allara]] to [[Reyna]]

### Recap Video
https://youtu.be/-5sHi7itQ6s?si=yhbcDfDLRWMoxCcz

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-5sHi7itQ6s?si=yhbcDfDLRWMoxCcz" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[53 - 09302024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">[[55 - 10122024|Next session →]]</span>