---
date: 2024-10-12
---
[[54 - 10062024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">Next session →]]</span>

## Events
During the battle, the first person to fall is [[Serpa]], who happily looks into the sky and says, "Welcome me into your arms harbinger" before falling unconcious. The group continues to fight against The Cirle and fell Melania as well as 3 other hag witches. One hag escapes through a tree and one thorn elemental is banished somewhere random on the material plane. Varrick collects the magical items and armor left behind, kicking Melania's ashes, while noting that he Ruin and Thistle tattoos remained. 

On returning to the manor in the material plane, Varrick ask Ottoluke how he will know if he is completely free from his pact. Ottoluke states that with the markings still in place it is about a 0% chance and the hag that escaped was likely part of the coven he needed to destroy. Varrick asks Sundara to scry on the hag witch but they are unsuccessful. 

The call a group meeting and sit down in the manor to discuss the next steps. Varrick tells them that he is planning on leaving The Remnants to be with his family. He ask for help hunting down this final witch before he breaks off. Sundara snaps at him and storms off. Cassius goes outside and talks with The Traveler. He has a vision on the body of [[Karsus]] rising from the water while the world is screaming in destruction. He sees the handsome and masculine face of the island with golden skin and golden eyes and two hears in the chest beating, before the world is wiped clean. The Traveler tells him that, "sometimes the face is different, but it always ends the same."

Pacing furiously in her room while trying to calm down, Sundara notices a glyph of warding, placed there by Solonor. She steps on it and is transported back to his home on Burning Hands peak. She watches as Solonor uses magic to destroy a mountain peak before an arcane cannister is released and magical energy bathes him. She asks him to teach her and she spends the evening releasing powerful magic and getting renewed by the arcane cannister allowing her to continue expending energy past her limits. 

### People
- The [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]]
	- Melania
	- [[Serpa]]
- [[Dunspero Beaumont]]
- [[Solonor]]

### Places 
- Barrowmoor Manor
	- The Ethereal Plane

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 
- [[Samugi]]

### Absent
- [[Allara]] to [[Reyna]]

### Recap Video
https://youtu.be/_eGwekjMIoY?si=LKJgWQbgnuHY7Z3t

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/_eGwekjMIoY?si=LKJgWQbgnuHY7Z3t" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[54 - 10062024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">Next session →]]</span>