---
date: 2024-10-20
---
[[55 - 10122024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">Next session →]]</span>

## Events
Overnight, Cassius performs a ritual, Varrick dreams of waking up and Cassius visiting him. He takes Varrick over Karsus and shows him the vision he was shown by [[The Traveler]] where the body of Karsus rises up and the scorching heat during the end of all things. Cassius tells him, that we could be the heroes that stop this. Varrick wakes up in a cold sweat. 

Sundara wakes up in bed with Solonor at his home in The [[Burning Hands]] mountains. She discusses his relationship with the members of [[The Savage Seven]] and compares her own experiences with her group and the news of Varrick planning to leave. She tells him about her struggles with the [[Phaerimm]] and that her body is currently collateral for the deal she made with the Phaerimm queen. Afterwards she looks through his home and on seeing his clockwork bodysuit she uses magic to create a matching ensemble. Solonor tells her that soon he will need her by his side and asks if she will be there. She confirms she will, before leaving back to the manor.

[[Dunspero Beaumont]] teleports back into the manor arm in arm with a man she introduces as [[Heskell]]. Dunspero and Heskell discuss the group taking on The Godbutchers in exchange for Heskell handling The [[Circle of Ruin and Thistle]] for Varrick. Heskell says he wants to watch how The Remnants work and come see how they handle one of the 3 Godbutcher encampments. Dunspero seems concerned for his safety. After some discussion they all agree to the exchange of services.

Sundara angrily confronts Varrick telling him she will help him because she loves him but she feels he is leaving them to fend for themselves. Varrick immediately hugs her and tells her he loves her too while she holds back tears. He tells her how it will all be okay and asks that she helps him speak with [[Sarah Stoneheart]] and they teleport to [[New Calim]]. While there, Sarah tells Varrick that she understands the need to figure out a lot more things to make the world safe for their daughter before settling down. She doesn't expect him to drop everything immediately. She then runs off because "Dunspero has run the city into the ground."

Cas awkwardly talks with Heskell and tries to get information about how Dunspero and Heskell know each other while asserting their relationship. When Cassius goes to talk with Dunspero she makes it clear that Heskell would not be a good enemy to have. Despite her seeming withdrawn he kisses her goodbye and she tells him to be careful.

[[Cobb]] takes The Remnants to an area outside of Langston near the bog to the west. On the way, Heskell recommends relaxing before the battle and thinking about the people they love and who supported getting them to where they are now. (Cas thinks about these people, Varrick thinks about people he has killed, and Sundara thinks about the Phaerimm). Cas feels magic emanating from Heskell but can't explicitly tell if he is casting a spell. 

Once they make it to the area of The Godbutchers camp, Sundara realizes the landscape looks similar to a plane she visited where she met a rouge celestial being who told her of The Scourge ([[30 - 04142024|Session 30]]). Heskell tells them how The Godbutchers are terrible and bring ruin upon the world. They meet two celestial, one child sized. Heskell tells them that the group was sent by Decklan to get a head count of the camp and he agrees to let them in. Massive swords fall from the sky as the aasimar that let them in tells them he is Decklan Finn.

### People
- [[Solonor]]
- Old [[Cobb]]
- [[Dunspero Beaumont]]
- [[Heskell]]

### Places 
- Barrownoor Manor
- Outside of [[Langston]]

## Character Presence 
### Present
- [[Sundara]] 
- [[Cassius]] 
- [[Varrick]] 

### Absent
- [[Allara]] to [[Reyna]]
- [[Samugi]] 

### Recap Video
https://youtu.be/aeMdxoIhA7o?si=wnERNJA0tOkG-GS8

If video is not available below, click link above to watch on YouTube directly

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/aeMdxoIhA7o?si=wnERNJA0tOkG-GS8" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

[[55 - 10122024|← Previous session]] <span style="float: right;">Next session →]]</span>